[CUBRIDMAN-20] change table option's default value to reuse_oid (#235)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/schema/table_stmt.rst

Table Option
------------

> **REUSE_OID** and **DONT_REUSE_OID** are options that specify whether the table to be created is a referable table. The two options cannot be used together and can be used with other options. When creating a table without the option, the **REUSE_OID** table option is used. To change the default option to **DONT_REUSE_OID**, you should change the system parameter **create_table_reuseoid** to **no**. For detail, see :ref:`stmt-type-parameters` .

Reviewer: I propose the change as below

specify whether the table to be created is a referable table.
-->
specify whether to be referable when creating a table.

Author: OK, i will apply.

Author: ```suggestion
**REUSE_OID** and **DONT_REUSE_OID** are options that specify whether to be referable when creating table.

Author: ```suggestion
**REUSE_OID** and **DONT_REUSE_OID** are options that specify whether to be referable when creating a table. The two options cannot be used together and can be used with other options. When creating a table without the option, the **REUSE_OID** table option is used. To change the default option to **DONT_REUSE_OID**, you should change the system parameter **create_table_reuseoid** to **no**. For detail, see :ref:`stmt-type-parameters` .
```

Author: ```suggestion
**REUSE_OID** and **DONT_REUSE_OID** are options that specify whether to be referable when creating a table. The two options cannot be used together and can be used with other options. When creating a table without the option, the **REUSE_OID** table option is used. To change the default option to **DONT_REUSE_OID**, you should change the system parameter **create_table_reuseoid** to **no**. For detail, see :ref:`stmt-type-parameters` .
```

> **REUSE_OID** and **DONT_REUSE_OID** are options that specify whether or not the table to be created is a referable table. The two options cannot be used together and can be used with other options. When creating a table without the option, the **REUSE_OID** table option is used. To change the default option to **DONT_REUSE_OID**, you should change the system parameter **create_table_reuseoid** to **no**. For detail, see :ref:`stmt-type-parameters` .

Reviewer 2: 1. **REUSE_OID** and **DONT_REUSE_OID** are options that specify whether or not the table to be created is a referable table.  
-->**REUSE_OID** and **DONT_REUSE_OID** are options that specify whether the table to be created is a referable table. ( delete 'or not')

Author: Thank you, I will delete "or not".

    *   OID reusable tables are supported only by CUBRID 2008 R2.2 or above, and backward compatibility is not ensured. That is, the database in which the OID reusable table is located cannot be accessed from a lower version database.
    *   OID reusable tables can be managed as partitioned tables and can be replicated.

.. _dont-reuse-oid:

DONT_REUSE_OID
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can specify the **DONT_REUSE_OID** option when creating a table, then a referable table opposite to **REUSE_OID** is created.

Reviewer: I don't understand the sentence easily, so I propose the change as below:

Specifying the **DONT_REUSE_OID** option when creating the table will create a referable table as opposite to **REUSE_OID**.

you can also use 'referenceable' instead of 'referable'

Author: OK, i will apply your comment.

Author: ```suggestion
Specifying the DONT_REUSE_OID option when creating the table will create a referable table as opposite to REUSE_OID.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Specifying the **DONT_REUSE_OID** option when creating the table will create a referable table as opposite to **REUSE_OID**.
```
